Instance options (#119)
meilisearch/specifications: text/0034-telemetry-policies.md

| `infos.enable_autobatching`             | `true` if `--enable-autobatching` is specified to true, otherwise `false` | `true` | Every Hour |
| `infos.max_batch_size`                  | Value of `--max-batch-size` in integer, otherwise `null` | 1000 | Every Hour |
| `infos.max_documents_per_batch`         | Value of `--max-documents-per-batch` in integer, otherwise `null` | 1000 | Every Hour |
| `infos.debounce_duration_sec`           | Value of `--debounce-duration-sec` in seconds, otherwise `0` | 3600 | Every Hour |
| `infos.log_level`                       | Value of `--log-level`/`MEILI_LOG_LEVEL`                | debug             | Every Hour |

> | `infos.max_memory`                      | Value of `--max-memory`/`MEILI_MAX_MEMORY` in bytes     | 336042103         | Every Hour |

Author: ```suggestion
| `infos.max_indexing_memory`                      | Value of `--max-indexing-memory`/`MEILI_MAX_INDEXING_MEMORY` in bytes     | 336042103         | Every Hour |
```

> | `infos.indexing_jobs`                   | Value of `--indexing-jobs`/`MEILI_INDEXING_JOBS` in integer | 4             | Every Hour |

Author: ```suggestion
| `infos.max_indexing_threads`                   | Value of `--max-indexing-threads`/`MEILI_MAX_INDEXING_THREADS` in integer | 4             | Every Hour |
```

| infos.max_documents_per_batch | Value of `--max-documents-per-batch` in integer, otherwise `null` | `1000` |
| infos.debounce_duration_sec | Value of `--debounce-duration-sec`in seconds, otherwise `0` | `3600` |
| infos.log_level | Value of `--log-level`/`MEILI_LOG_LEVEL`  | `debug` |

> | infos.max_memory  | Value of `--max-memory`/`MEILI_MAX_MEMORY` in bytes     | `336042103` |

Author: ```suggestion
| infos.max_indexing_memory  | Value of `--max-indexing-memory`/`MEILI_MAX_INDEXING_MEMORY` in bytes     | `336042103` |
```

> | infos.indexing_jobs  | Value of `--indexing-jobs`/`MEILI_INDEXING_JOBS` in integer | `4` |

Author: ```suggestion
| infos.max_indexing_threads  | Value of `--max-indexing-threads`/`MEILI_MAX_INDEXING_THREADS` in integer | `4` |
```
